Address Ben's feedback on dnsop mailing list (#2)
gakiwate/draft-gakiwate-dnsop-svcb-sla-parameter: draft-gakiwate-dnsop-svcb-bg-priority-parameter.md

To use SVCB or HTTPS RRs, a client first determines whether the current network
request is suitable for background handling. The mechanism for making this
determination is implementation specific and left to the discretion of
the client. For example, a client may provide an explicit signalling
interface that allows an application or user to indicate a given request is
background in nature. The client may also rely on the local operational
context to infer whether background handling is appropriate.

If the client determines background handling to be appropriate, the client
filters the RRSet to include only those records with `bg-priority=1`. If not,
the client filters the RRSet to include only those records with
`bg-priority=0`. A record that does not include the `bg-priority` key is
considered to be suitable for all traffic types and should always be included.

Once the client filters the SVCB / HTTPS RRs based on this designation, it
proceeds with the remaining records using standard selection logic {{SVCB}}.  If
no suitable records remain after filtering, SVCB resolution is considered to
have failed, and the client should fallback appropriately. To avoid unintended

> resolution failures, service operators should ensure that at least one endpoint
> exists for both `bg-priority=0` and `bg-priority=1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resolution failures, service operators should ensure that if any service in a set contains the `bg-priority` parameters,
then at least one service exists for each `bg-priority=0` and `bg-priority=1`, or else at least one service exists that does not contain
the `bg-priority` parameter to catch all traffic.
```
